Docs for Jupyter Scheduler integration (#335)
nebari-dev/nebari-docs: docs/docs/tutorials/run-notebooks-as-a-job.md

![Argo UI - view the job definition from the argo UI](/img/tutorials/jupyter-scheduler-argo-cron-workflow.png)
:::

:::warning
Notebook jobs that run on a schedule will run indifinitely so it's the responsibility of the job creator to either delete or pause the job if then they are no longer needed.
:::

## Debugging failed jobs

Occasionally notebook jobs will fail to run and it's helpful to understand why.

<div align="center">
  <img src="/img/tutorials/jupyter-scheduler-job-failed.png" alt="Jupyter-Scheduler UI - view the details of a failed job." width="60%"/>
</div>

If there is an issue with the notebook code itself, viewing the notebook job logs will help the user get a better idea of what went wrong. These are the steps to get the logs:

1. Document the job ID 
2. Launch a terminal session
3. Navigate to `~/.local/share/jupyter/scheduler_staging_area`
4. Find the folder that corresponds to the job ID that failed
5. Open (or `cat`) the `output.ipynb` to view the notebook as it was run

:::info
Notebook job details can also be viewed from the `<nebari-domiain>/argo` UI.
:::

> Lastly, if the job fails without writing to this `scheduler_staging_area`, or the job status is stuck in `In progress` mode for an extended period of time, have an administrator try and view the specific the logs on the user`s JupyterLab server pod or on the workflow pod itself.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Lastly, if the job fails without writing to this `scheduler_staging_area`, or the job status is stuck in `In progress` mode for an extended period of time, have an administrator try and view the specific logs on the user's JupyterLab server pod or on the workflow pod itself.
```
